OBSDOCS-1024/TRACING-4073: Write documentation for loadbalancer exporter component (#76563)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/otel-collector-components.adoc

----
<1> Verbosity of the debug export: `detailed` or `normal` or `basic`. When set to `detailed`, pipeline data is verbosely logged. Defaults to `normal`.

[id="load-balancing-exporter_{context}"]
=== Load Balancing Exporter

The Load Balancing Exporter consistently exports spans, metrics, and logs according to the `routing_key` configuration.

:FeatureName: The Load Balancing Exporter
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

.OpenTelemetry Collector custom resource with an enabled Load Balancing Exporter
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
  config: |
    exporters:
      loadbalancing:

>         routing_key: "service" # <1>

Reviewer: For routing_key This functionality is currently enabled only for trace pipeline types. https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/loadbalancingexporter#configuration

        protocol:
          otlp: # <2>
            timeout: 1s
        resolver: # <3>
          static: # <4>
            hostnames:
            - backend-1:4317
            - backend-2:4317
          dns: # <5>
            hostname: otelcol-headless.observability.svc.cluster.local
          k8s: # <6>
            service: lb-svc.kube-public
            ports:
              - 15317
              - 16317
# ...
----

> <1> The options for the `routing_key` are `service`, `traceID`, `metric` name, and `resource`. When no `routing_key` is configured, the default routing mechanism for traces is `traceID`, and the default routing mechanism for metrics is `service`. Spans that belong to the same `traceID` or `service.name` are sent to the same backend.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> The `routing_key: service` exports spans for the same service name to the same Collector instance to provide accurate aggregation of metrics. The `routing_key: traceID` exports spans based on their `traceID`. The implicit default is `traceID` based routing.
```

Author: @IshwarKanse and @frzifus, WDYT?

Reviewer: This can be changed 'accurate aggregation of metrics' to just 'accurate aggregation.' .Rest looks good to me.

Author: Thank you so much, Ishwar. I'm asking for a peer review.
